docs: tw798 (#3270)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/run-arbitrum-node/01-overview.mdx

---
title: 'Arbitrum nodes: an overview'

> description: Learn more about what type of Arbitrum node are available to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn more about what types of Arbitrum nodes are available to run.
```
